Add support for Redis Sentinel by using ioredis npm package. Closes #1769 (#1815)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Configuration/Environment-Variables-Reference.md

| `REDIS_TLS`                          | If `true`, then the connection to the Redis server is protected by TLS authentication. Defaults to `false`                                                                                         | `true`, `false`                                           |
| `CUBEJS_REDIS_POOL_MAX`              | The maximum number of connections to keep active in the Redis connection pool. Must be higher than `CUBEJS_REDIS_POOL_MIN`. Defaults to `1000`                                                     | A valid number of connections.                            |
| `CUBEJS_REDIS_POOL_MIN`              | The minimum number of connections to keep active in the Redis connection pool. Must be lower than `CUBEJS_REDIS_POOL_MAX`. Defaults to `2`                                                         | A valid number of connections                             |

> | `CUBEJS_REDIS_USE_IOREDIS`           | Makes the redis connection use ioredis instead of redis npm package. This flag must be true in order for connections to Redis Sentinel to work as well as connections directly to Redis. Defaults to `false`                                                         | `true`, `false`                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CUBEJS_REDIS_USE_IOREDIS`           | Use [`ioredis`][gh-ioredis] instead of[ `redis`][gh-node-redis]. This flag must be true in order for connections to Redis Sentinel to work as well as connections directly to Redis. Defaults to `false` | `true`, `false`                             		|
```

Reviewer: I've added inline links to the `ioredis` and `redis` repositories, the URL referenced is in the next suggestion

| `CUBEJS_REDIS_SENTINEL`              | The host URL for a Redis Sentinel server                                                         | A valid Redis host. May include port                             |

> [link-tz-database]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[gh-ioredis]: https://github.com/luin/ioredis
[gh-node-redis]: https://github.com/NodeRedis/node-redis
[link-tz-database]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones
```
